Iqra Imtiaz(206) 876-0223@iqra-imtiaz-0942a9156 iqra.imtiaz09@gmail.com https://github.com/iqra0908PROFILEGraduate student at Duke with 3 years of software architecture design and AI experience, seeking a challenging role to utilize my skills and expertise. With a proven track record of success and the benefit of having received sponsorship for my undergraduate education, I bring a unique perspective and dedication to excellence in all endeavors.SKILLSAWS	PytorchAzure	TensorflowKafka Computer Vision Kubernetes NLPC#	Topic ModelingJava	Recommendation Python	SystemsSQLServer	Reinforcement MySQL	learningNoSQL	Deep learningRDBMS	Machine learningR language	Data engineeringGITMATLABEDUCATION HISTORYDuke UniversityAug 2022 - PresentMasters in Artificial Intelligence of Product InnovationUniversity of WashingtonAugust 2015 - June 2019Bachelors in Electrical and Computer engineering, Embedded Systems.WORK EXPERIENCENordtrom Inc., Seattle, WA - Engineer 2July 2019 - July 2022Designed microservices architecture to migrate 800,000 rack products to the product platform ecosystem for Nordstrom's new websiteMigrated old .NET framework services to .NET Core for rolling deployments in Kubernetes, reducing user downtimeCollaborated with the team to design a flexible architecture to onboard different vendors and speed up the item setup processConducted performance testing to identify bottlenecks and implemented solutions for better system performanceContributed to product platform design to improve the item setup process and collaborated with the team to implement changesImplemented secure coding practices and created Mutual Transport Layer Security (TLS) certificates for microservices used within the teamAfiniti, Seattle, WA - Intern AIJuly 2019 - July 2022Conducted research into the Afiniti algorithm and learned about the latest machine learning techniques.Analyzed Afiniti's data and evaluated various machine learning models to optimize call pairing performance.Developed and implemented an automated call pairing algorithm using regression trees,SATMAP Inc., Karachi, PK - Data AnalystOct 2012 - July 2015	Collaborated with a team of 25+ professionals at SATMAP in the Artificial Intelligence and Data Integrity (AIDI) department to analyze data and develop statistical models to optimize revenue by creating intelligent agent- customer pairs.	Streamlined deployment processes by automating deployment jobs, building web pages for production monitoring, and assisting in vector and parallel programming.Managed call centers for companies such as AT&T and T-Mobile, ensuring seamless integration of call pairing algorithms and model deployment. Mentored and trained 5+ master's and PhD students for two weeks each during tenure, contributing to the development of the next generation of data scientists.ACHIEVEMENTS AND PROJECTSMentored a group of business and software interns to successfully design and launch an e-commerce website to production.Built a Computer Vision-based Elementary School Education project, providing students with interactive learning experiences to improve their education.Developed an NLP-based chatbot using topic modeling for Q&A, and analyzed topic frequency in call centers for a capstone project. Ranked in the top 3 in the Kaggle competition for AI class, demonstrating proficiency in machine learning and data analysis. https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/aipi520-fall2022/leaderboard  Designed a recommendation system for an E-commerce use case as part of the Reinforcement Learning class.Participated in multiple hackathons, winning first prize in March 2021. Acted as a regular participant in the interview process for hiring candidates during hire days at Nordstrom.